README.md, before:

# orbaone-ios-sdk
Orba One's Document and Video Capture for Identity Verification in Swift.

## 1. Platform Requirements

The SDK supports the following configurations:
- SDK supports iOS 13+
- SDk supports Xcode 11.5+
- SDK supports the following presentation styles:
    - Fullscreen for iPhones
    - Fullscreen and Form Sheet for iPads


## 2. Install as a CocoaPod

To install the SDK using CocoaPods, add the following to your xcode project's podfile:

```
pod 'OrbaOneSdk'
```

Then run `pod install` to retrieve the sdk.

## 3. Configuring the SDK

The Orba One SDK uses a **publishable api key** and an **applicant id** that you can obtain from your vendor dashboard. Your publishable api key will be needed in order to initialize the SDK in your mobile app. A sample implementation is shown below.

```swift
import OrbaOneSdk

let config = OrbaOneConfig().setApiKey("publishable-api-key").setApplicantId("applicant-id").setFlow([.INTRO, .ID, .FACESCAN]).build()
do {
    let sdk = try OrbaOneFlow(configuration: config).with(responseHandler: {response in
        switch response {
        case .success(let result):
            print("Flow completed successfully: \(result)")
        case .failure(let error):
            print("Flow cancelled by the user: \(error)")
        case .start:
            print("Flow started.")
        case .error(let error):
            print("Flow encounterd an error: \(error)")
        }
    })
    try sdk.startVerification(origin: self)
} catch let error {
    print("Flow not started. Error: \(error)")
}
```

## 4. SDK Responses

The Orba One SDK exposes four callbacks to the mobile app. Each can be used to coordinate user feedback at various stages of the SDK's lifecycle.

```swift
{response in
        switch response {
        case .success(let result):
            // The mobile app user has completed all the required steps and is returned to the view that initiated the SDK.
            print("Flow completed successfully: \(result)")
        case .failure(let error):
            // The mobile app user cancelled the verification flow by returning to view that initiated the SDK.
            print("Flow cancelled by the user: \(error)")
        case .start:
            // A new verification flow was started by the user.
            print("Flow started.")
        case .error(let error):
            // An attempt was made to begin the verification flow but it failed.
            print("Flow encounterd an error: \(error)")
        }
    }
```
## 5. Customizing the Flow

To customize the verification flow, you can make use of the SDK's config builder function. All customization must be done before starting the verification.

```swift

let flowSteps: [Step] = [
  Step.INTRO, // Welcome step - gives your user a short overview of the flow. [Optional, Default].
  Step.ID, // Photo ID step - captures the user's identification document. [Default].
  Step.FACESCAN, // Selfie Video step - captures a video of the user for liveness detection. [Default].
]

let config = OrbaOneConfig().setApiKey("publishable-api-key").setApplicantId("applicant-id").setFlow(flowSteps).build()

try sdk.startVerification(origin: self)
```

## Sample App
A sample app demonstrating the Orba One SDK's implementation has been included. See the SampleApp directory for the Swift implementation.

## Support

Please post all issues through [Github](https://github.com/orbaone/orbaone-ios-sdk/issues). If your query involves sensitive information, you may contact us at dev@orba.io with the subject `IOS ISSUE: `.

Copyright 2021 Orba Technology Holdings Ltd. All rights reserved.

Commit message:

doc: Added app permissions to readme.

README.md, after:

# orbaone-ios-sdk
Orba One's Document and Video Capture for Identity Verification in Swift.

## 1. Platform Requirements

The SDK supports the following configurations:
- SDK supports iOS 13+
- SDk supports Xcode 11.5+
- SDK supports the following presentation styles:
    - Fullscreen for iPhones
    - Fullscreen and Form Sheet for iPads


## 2. Install as a CocoaPod

To install the SDK using CocoaPods, add the following to the application's podfile:

```
pod 'OrbaOneSdk'
```

Then run `pod install` to retrieve the sdk.

## 3. App Permissions

The Orba One SDK requires that the following permissions be added to the application's `info.plist` file:

```
<key>NSCameraUsageDescription</key>
<string>Required for Facial and Document capture.</string>
<key>NSMicrophoneUsageDescription</key>
<string>Required for Audio capture.</string>>
```

## 4. Configuring the SDK

The Orba One SDK uses a **publishable api key** and an **applicant id** that you can obtain from your vendor dashboard. Your publishable api key will be needed in order to initialize the SDK in your mobile app. A sample implementation is shown below.

```swift
import OrbaOneSdk

let config = OrbaOneConfig().setApiKey("publishable-api-key").setApplicantId("applicant-id").setFlow([.INTRO, .ID, .FACESCAN]).build()
do {
    let sdk = try OrbaOneFlow(configuration: config).with(responseHandler: {response in
        switch response {
        case .success(let result):
            print("Flow completed successfully: \(result)")
        case .failure(let error):
            print("Flow cancelled by the user: \(error)")
        case .start:
            print("Flow started.")
        case .error(let error):
            print("Flow encounterd an error: \(error)")
        }
    })
    try sdk.startVerification(origin: self)
} catch let error {
    print("Flow not started. Error: \(error)")
}
```

## 5. SDK Responses

The Orba One SDK exposes four callbacks to the mobile app. Each can be used to coordinate user feedback at various stages of the SDK's lifecycle.

```swift
{response in
        switch response {
        case .success(let result):
            // The mobile app user has completed all the required steps and is returned to the view that initiated the SDK.
            print("Flow completed successfully: \(result)")
        case .failure(let error):
            // The mobile app user cancelled the verification flow by returning to view that initiated the SDK.
            print("Flow cancelled by the user: \(error)")
        case .start:
            // A new verification flow was started by the user.
            print("Flow started.")
        case .error(let error):
            // An attempt was made to begin the verification flow but it failed.
            print("Flow encounterd an error: \(error)")
        }
    }
```
## 6. Customizing the Flow

To customize the verification flow, you can make use of the SDK's config builder function. All customization must be done before starting the verification.

```swift

let flowSteps: [Step] = [
  Step.INTRO, // Welcome step - gives your user a short overview of the flow. [Optional, Default].
  Step.ID, // Photo ID step - captures the user's identification document. [Default].
  Step.FACESCAN, // Selfie Video step - captures a video of the user for liveness detection. [Default].
]

let config = OrbaOneConfig().setApiKey("publishable-api-key").setApplicantId("applicant-id").setFlow(flowSteps).build()

try sdk.startVerification(origin: self)
```

## Sample App
A sample app demonstrating the Orba One SDK's implementation has been included. See the SampleApp directory for the Swift implementation.

## Support

Please post all issues through [Github](https://github.com/orbaone/orbaone-ios-sdk/issues). If your query involves sensitive information, you may contact us at dev@orba.io with the subject `IOS ISSUE: `.

Copyright 2021 Orba Technology Holdings Ltd. All rights reserved.
